Add WebView installer instructions (#793)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/distribution.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Do not ship WebView2 applications in production during the preview.  

> Applications are recommended to ensure that the Evergreen WebView2 Runtime is installed before launch. Below is an example workflow.  

Author: I don't know if this is just me....but this somehow conveys to me that developer does this during testing, which is not what we're discussing here. 

> before you run the WebView2 application
Also it's usually the end user running the app, not the developer.

> Applications are recommended to ensure that the Evergreen WebView2 Runtime is installed before launch. Below is an example workflow.  

Reviewer: Ensure your WebView2 application installer tests to confirm that the WebView2 Runtime (Evergreen) is installed before trying to run the WebView2 application.

Does that help address the concern?

> Applications are recommended to ensure that the Evergreen WebView2 Runtime is installed before launch. Below is an example workflow.  

Author: I'd like to avoid the `test` part and also use `Evergreen WebView2 Runtime` language which is used throughout the doc. Any particular concern with the original sentences?

1.  Download the latest [Evergreen WebView2 Runtime Installer][Webview2Installer].  
1.  Include the installer in your application installer or updater.  
1.  During your application installation or update, check if the Evergreen WebView2 Runtime is already installed on the user machine using the `GetAvailableCoreWebView2BrowserVersionString` API (or the .NET or WinUI equivalent).  

> 1.  If not installed, the application installer/updater can silently invoke the runtime installer from an elevated process/command prompt with `MicrosoftEdgeWebView2RuntimeInstallerX64.exe /silent /install`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  During your application installation or update, test to determine if the WebView2 Runtime (Evergreen) is already installed using [GetAvailableCoreWebView2BrowserVersionString](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/0-9-538/webview2-idl#getavailablecorewebview2browserversionstring). If `nullptr` is returned, the application installer or application updater may silently install the runtime at an elevated command prompt using `MicrosoftEdgeWebView2RuntimeInstallerX64.exe /silent /install`. 
```

Reviewer: Can you include the link to the ref docs for .Net and WinUI for the equivalents of GetAvailableCoreWebView2BrowserVersionString? I couldn't find them.

Reviewer: Can we add a code snippet to show how to test using GetAvailableCoreWebView2BrowserVersionString? This would be really helpful.

Author: updated the api link and the return info.

Reviewer: looks like some of the changes wasn't applied here.

Author: Didn't club the steps together and remove `process` from `elevated process/command prompt`. Do we need to do that?
